README.md, before:

# section 1

nkiss is mostly a minimal grab bag of preinstalled packages meant as a kickstarter for a fresh vanilla arch system (in niri), specifically right after an archinstall.

It leaves you with a system that's not supposed to be "complete" or "productive", that system will need tinkering to suit your needs, but it should take fewer steps to get there.

# section 2
⚠️ nkiss relies on a specific archinstall configuration, it will not run otherwise



| Section               | Option                                                                                                                                                                |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Disk configuration    | Partitioning > Default partition layout > btrfs > Use Subvolumes  > Use compression <br><br>Disk Encryption > Encryption type > LUKS<br><br>Btrfs snapshots > Snapper |
| Bootloader            | limine                                                                                                                                                                |
| Authentication        | User account > Add a user (with sudo)                                                                                                                                 |
| Applications          | Audio > pipewire                                                                                                                                                      |
| Network configuration | Copy ISO network config                                                                                                                                               |
| Additional Packages   | git, curl                                                                                                                                                             |

Reboot once the installation is complete

⚠️ Additionally nkiss will NOT run if:
- The system has BIOS instead of UEFI
- Is non-vanilla arch like CachyOS or Garuda
- Running as root
- Gnome or KDE Plasma is installed 

then git clone this 

# Full System?
You'll still need essentials! This is not a full modern system. 
> [!TIP]
> Check out [nfluff](https://codeberg.org/nerdwave-nick/nfluff), our own spin on it

Commit message:

feat: updated docs for hardware (kinda)

README.md, after:

section 1
=========

nkiss is mostly a minimal grab bag of preinstalled packages meant as a kickstarter for a fresh vanilla arch system (in niri), specifically right after an archinstall.

It leaves you with a system that's not supposed to be "complete" or "productive", that system will need tinkering to suit your needs, but it should take fewer steps to get there.

Hardware setup is documented here [DRIVERS.md](docs/DRIVERS.md)

section 2
=========

⚠️ nkiss relies on a specific archinstall configuration, it will not run otherwise

| Section               | Option                                                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Disk configuration    | Partitioning > Default partition layout > btrfs > Use Subvolumes > Use compression <br><br>Disk Encryption > Encryption type > LUKS<br><br>Btrfs snapshots > Snapper |
| Bootloader            | limine                                                                                                                                                               |
| Authentication        | User account > Add a user (with sudo)                                                                                                                                |
| Applications          | Audio > pipewire                                                                                                                                                     |
| Network configuration | Copy ISO network config                                                                                                                                              |
| Additional Packages   | git, curl                                                                                                                                                            |

Reboot once the installation is complete

⚠️ Additionally nkiss will NOT run if:

-	The system has BIOS instead of UEFI
-	Is non-vanilla arch like CachyOS or Garuda
-	Running as root
-	Gnome or KDE Plasma is installed

then git clone this

Full System?
============

You'll still need essentials! This is not a full modern system.

> [!TIP] Check out [nfluff](https://codeberg.org/nerdwave-nick/nfluff), our own spin on it
